Q) Have you ever worked in a standalone environment? If so, how did you handle errors when there was no one available to help? (Minimum 100 words, explain in details)
A : Yes,I have to talk 2 projects i.e., nitroxpress and chat app. In nitroxpress,there is stages to manage,those stages in between we have to manage the order by negative limit calculation at same time check the current balance. In Chat app, every thing is new to that because i did individually do both frontend and backend. Every thing is challenging to me. especially, using socket.io to manage the bi-directional chat system. 

Q) Have you undertaken any projects independently? If so, what was your major contribution to the project? Could you quantify your contribution in percentage terms? What did you create or develop? What challenges did you face during the project? (Minimum 100 words, explain in details)
A: Yes, I understand the project nitroxpress, which is my first project to work with the team. previously i'm not familiar team work beacause that was individual project. while doing the team project i have work on as much as possible. In Nitroxpress project my major contribution is create order admin,b2b,b2c,employee side.create a delivery boy,tracking the order,add wallet,notification,transactions.these are major feature i was worked.In every feature i faces challanges. To overcome that firstly, i understand the feature what i have to implement, how to implement based on the requirement. in that process i learned few things like how to improve problem solving skills. And If i struck somewhere no people will be there because we are 2 people from frontend . So we solve problems together.And chat system is individual project so i'm the responsible the entire project ui, functionalites releated to create the account, sign in, select avatar, bi-directional chat and logout.


Q) In your previous or current company, who was responsible for assigning you tasks? Who set the deadlines for you? Were you able to meet those deadlines consistently?  (Minimum 100 words, explain in details)
A: In my previous company,In nitroxpress,  we are 2 peoples, In that one of the person is team leader and me . mostly he gave the task to me. I meet those deadlines consistently so beacause of that we successfully cmpleted the project.In chat app that was individual project i was report to project co-ordinator. Harbour bite was team project i was report team lead and project coordinator. i meet the sprint wise deadlines.


Q) Did you work on complete projects, individual modules, or were you responsible for specific subtasks? (Minimum 100 words, explain in details)
A. I was worked on individual project(chat app),team projects like nitroxpress and habour bites. in that nitroxpress is completed and habour bites i was worked on subtasks like creare lead and reasturant.

Q) Have you been involved in designing the architecture of projects, regardless of their size, before beginning the development process? If you were assigned 'Project X,' what would your approach be to develop it? Could you outline the different phases it would involve? (Minimum 100 words, explain in details)
A. Yes, I was involved to make documentation along with flow diagram before starting the feature. For that, I understand the client requirement, discuss with them if any changes or facing challages while understand the feature. Then Start making algorithm(flow diagram) of the feature and write the documentation which includes introduction of project,introduction of feature, if this feature is involved with previous flow of project that may change.flow diagram,doudts like that i follow the flow. after take approve from client. then start working the development then which leads to avoid unneccessary problem in between the development.

Q) Pitch me in 100 words, why you? 
A: I believe i have combination of skills and experience necessary in this role. I have completed the projects like nitroxpress(frontend) and chat-app( MERN) requirement of my previous company. I have ability to manage multiple tasks.Before joining extern-labs i was also complete the masai certificate course.so both  will help me to quickly understand this role and contribute from day one.This make me perfect candicate for this job.So, This is the reason i believe that i should be considered for this position.